CloudFront S3 Website Module (#32)
aws-cloudformation/community-registry-extensions: modules/CloudFront_S3Website/README.md

# AwsCommunity::CloudFront::S3Website::MODULE

The module `AwsCommunity::CloudFront::S3Website::MODULE` creates a CloudFront distribution

> that points at a S3 bucket. This module will also use ACM to create a certificate, setup a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that points at an S3 bucket. This module will also use ACM to create a certificate and set up a 
```

custom DNS name using Route53.

## Limitations

> This module will only work in `us-east-1` because CloudFront can only use certificates from ACM in `us-east-1`

Reviewer: Could we make the cert an optional parameter so that it could be used in other regions?

Author: I was debating this and I'm torn.  If you use ACM, even an imported certificate into ACM, the cert has to be in `us-east-1`.  This would at least allow people to manually import the cert and use it.

IAM certificates, from what I can tell, are the legacy recommendation so I skipped that approach.  

The only other approach I can think of is not allowing for custom domain names.  This would remove the needs for the `HostedZoneId` and `Alias` parameters and would remove the `Dns` and the `Certificate` resources. However to do this as one module we would need to add a bunch of conditions.  I want to limit conditions because there are scenarios in which they would fail because of how modules work.  What may be better is to create two different modules one that supports custom domain names and one that does not.

Reviewer: It's not very practical without a custom domain name though. How often do people use the default for real apps?

Author: Yea, agreed.  Kind of why I got here.  So `If you use ACM, even an imported certificate into ACM, the cert has to be in us-east-1` I'll add a parameter and condition for this.  This will also be a string based parameter so we can use a condition for it.  CloudFormation doesn't support creating a ACM certificate manually only via DNS/Email validation so a condition will work here.

Reviewer 2: I like the option of an external ACM ARN (mostly because I don't like the way the Certificate resource creates unmanaged DNS entries)

Author: `AcmCertificateArn` is a new parameter that will allow for this now.
